<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="yes" ?><wiki><a id="Definition" name="Definition"></a><h2>Definition</h2>

<p>In software engineering, a <b>functional requirement</b> defines a function of a software system or its component. A function is described as a set of inputs, the behaviour, and outputs.</p>
<p>Functional requirements may be calculations, technical details, data manipulation and processing and other specific functionality that define what a system is supposed to accomplish. Behavioural requirements describing all the cases where the system uses the functional requirements are captured in use cases. Functional requirements are supported by <a href="file:///c:/temp/Category:Non-Functional_Requirement" title="Category:Non-Functional_Requirement">non-functional requirements</a> (also known as quality requirements), which impose constraints on the design or implementation (such as performance requirements, security, or reliability). Generally, functional requirements are expressed in the form &#34;system shall <b>do</b>&#34;, while non-functional requirements are &#34;system shall <b>be</b>&#34;. The plan for implementing functional requirements is detailed in the system design. The plan for implementing non-functional requirements is detailed in the system architecture.</p>
<p>As defined in requirements engineering, functional requirements specify particular results of a system. This should be contrasted with <a href="file:///c:/temp/Category:Non-Functional_Requirement" title="Category:Non-Functional_Requirement">non-functional requirements</a> which specify overall characteristics such as cost and reliability. Functional requirements drive the application architecture of a system, while <a href="file:///c:/temp/Category:Non-Functional_Requirement" title="Category:Non-Functional_Requirement">non-functional requirements</a> drive the technical architecture of a system.</p>
<p>In some cases a requirements analyst generates use cases after gathering and validating a set of functional requirements. The hierarchy of functional requirements is: user/stakeholder request -&#62; feature -&#62; use case -&#62; business rule. Each use case illustrates behavioural scenarios through one or more functional requirements. Often, though, an analyst will begin by eliciting a set of use cases, from which the analyst can derive the functional requirements that must be implemented to allow a user to perform each use case.</p>
<p>From Wikipedia, the free encyclopaedia
</p>
</wiki>